Palasvinzonovisodiotokiko Ricardo Barroso LA profsor Osillina Fulat slugsportepsicosializadelu clinicque
the audi Milugia the justice. Is sins vistas clique
de gustos so frequent menta circusiia de sukum creams,
the su violentis, the suai reablita saus topicsinaturis Ricardovind
canals.
Nobody got, you got to convict.
A divers sizi er exterior vessar. Petsmajira is pasarparas
petsma is the tas in Premier Lugarurkita wakoake sio
muntukumu principal to the solia strema related the gemzasin.
Uh, MINUS so theseenki uscriminosus, uh, kin creams violent
stea predisposa paraviolencia criminal lie has eercentoki a impusive
illuminareaprinposaunda partiallass is this uh as a predisposa is
the sing ellea component genetic or no.
Well, uh, uh, extended, uh, complex, er, uh, uh,
sing in, right, no gen cream uh predetermine genetic,
uh, uh, invita biopsyo a criminal as a result
of the photos biologic logic association right. NEUROLOGIC cortex
prefrontal controls in pulse sagu. Yes, they are a
part. Ever cream cream cream. Sen m uh impact
the ponto vis the sens is adverse so long
do women of all are the most physics terms
of all the bus of all are the sexual
terms of all the mun. CIRCUMSTANCES. Uh, YA, uh,
I think, uh, liter of ultra. August stra biologic
problems. Uh, uh, A vulnerably that no kin raz
sim simpaticoza. A neuros.
Sir, jagoraduus puruntas and lesake a primere mesmukage certa
form uma uma presposit some biological at a genetic
para impulsividades impulsive impulsividad nontainsarments. Star in terms of
the practical impulsive.
Uh, RESISTING, uh, I think so yes to yes
to, uh, thing that's the impulsive that. NOT a
slog consequences. Uh, I think is existing stave permitting
um as uh impulsividado I visit my arts of
sua. Kuma is the normal normal uh you think
kumun characteristic dogma. Pussy saw nole uh ok cream
it's poison kumultoripovius tempocriminos.
APART posa Violencio serviti Violencia. Uh, THE stems of
alar the violencia in contest and contest to familiar
and contest to sal uh u u equileco carciare
um eso escu songvitimus violenci in wn tourluriensaul sense
involving peresturnari adult zoetemnadulsensi soes temael propriusraticum violencia potser
criminoso now um the uh. FAMILIAR
sexual neglig. Um, USPRIEN was sti, uh, austra so
so so the, the familiar so propra impact neurologics
eventual est is intendingara Lizaraviencia. Per uh tempo uh
the uh causing complement. Uh, KUMUN navidaniz, uh, rela
villao kumun tend to, uh, the siz mean to,
uh, pot jin and practical the villain so shira
villain normally a Sunday to to uh. Uh, uh,
IT shintavaki into this shamans or evolve, um, legal
or last. Issa salem as part of. To push
acumotor parts, the main desprien probably the impact on
neurologic probably in the the extent that since with
some individual practic um mud. Christian context on the
Violencia er normal forms over conflict that's a Violencia
continuos. It, it puts all the consequence. Uh, USPASH
prosusia appetite certaltuolondzement called the primaria was a tematar
uh us usroprius kulegges kuma, um, uh, a stars.
Pursue a proper initiative. PROBLEMATIC. Uh, AND see that
the contest the fastest you group the par g
prosum um i the poison nest the mazo means
uh spriens s u slar. ACADEMIC trash you build
up that the. TO contest. Bystos.
Er furbitaijarrivarius mazo stabataendtuar specificement nus fur socioeconomics um
nun contest to uh socioeconomic baish osage the pubreza.
As.
CUMULATIVE cumula versa. A cooks in contrastipie you you
this in contradiums images de kings vintfatoszaims see that
fatos. Even to augment furs, uh, genetics in neurologic
neuro neurologic immun furs and bienta. I got it.
Uh, YES, extend fat socio economic, uh, pubri pusiso
noncao criminal uh pubri kuns and you know in
pubriaki combiso pubri is a trash trash. Spriinus the
kunoshe stress chronic quefeto if it pad the cerebral
the capacitado now right um but kunos you got.
Um, STRESS chronic muted and stress chronic if you
stress factor mutu mudiminatuko ski sprienarolungu. TRASH. Mutes stress
chronic e e micro stressors uh in various friends
familiar that wins uh economic uh salaza is to
impact on the stress chronic. The pra even minor
assessor minor assess um a program is because uh
not assess with the ashidad uh in terms of
kefala karmut pillar pillar stabilize neurologic um. Both the
position in terms of communitaria contests on the geographic
you look on the mun localism uh if in
in terms of contex no no uh san communitarritos
much opportunidadneck pod internal uh. ECONOMY informal or illegal
in terms of end of the truck we evolve
imm to the I think criminal criminal. ECONOMICS sche
the economics
there's the. Uh, A finesses or if it's inside
is way much complex the key uh transversal the
key values very much scoring rank um. Have you
manage to get sexual creams uh some creamska traves
on different ukumu visibly that you tip the cream.
VEHEMENTLY. Uh.
See also so. VERSE. TO present a sort of
the parish non-problematic problematic. The that's competence is the
AKS stuff and competenceliar advert to um. Also a,
a vis a muns a fundamental criarfatostos stuck on
pubre uh can impact significantly the pontistic socioeconomic. You
cast esta equilibrium ye arum monoja the political initiative
is are you are sound. NO. THE logic.
Uh, Utrecht criminos violent servin. Uh, KEBESE makumuno via
killed sks the d the very resist the vault,
uh, uh, a pened mort or a prepet uh
paracrinosvi linksur kills non podding er rehabilitat so you
kick these, uh, sii uh sobris.
Yes, my sincere not never that. A percentage graph
uh uh psychopathic schmer right uh staging. Telopea kura,
OK, pore, uh, different significance right profundo personally that
chunioia maintains sicoatia graph mvi follows on the stand
with their sons via sao means when the individual
risk. He, uh. Uh, ANTI-C anti-C the beneficiar, the
programmers in border genus. No is this test intervention
or or or no of forims intervention with qua
cointenciad he could do the sound saria er a
logic and book the there's vaccines epsizo uh. Da.
Eikisa contest with none of sims intervention at qua
quatal intensity siskupra jaiqued doing quadramental minors OK, that's
din juvenil. And intervention intervention. uh TO the s
uh tend to uh intervention. TO English practic objective.
FASHION fashion.
Uh, PROGRAMMERS uh um eso kra centrovista refirekumiku to
applica kumecest programmers, uh, isisting nesprizolump pratiquees so in
the tanker. PAN.
RIGHT. uh LIBERDAINS the frequent uh sexual. YOU know
uh um uh er the contest uh est contest
fact um um norm in contra. Um, Programmers intervention
interventions ok no comad programmers. Uh. STRATEGIC clinic. WITH
no reason process the real cell. IMPLEMENT.
Um, ER gems of alarms sinski.
LIVID. OR sequence to tip the cream um. STRATA
circus sins. Relative constraint mm the intervention. No the
the reincia context. A premier cream prognostic. OK, in
terms that the premier cream west. I felt to
support I felt that that posh liber. It was.
Uh, IS to, is to. THE the the ring,
um, Orechstone ejac tosa ala I'm buying the pen
of the prison prepare to work amalgamous so a
sharing nuk these respect a pennes ivy then see
the pennas my posads previning cream.
Uh, uh, SCIENTIFIC clarinet. Lucazo The confess. Uh, A.
And we, OK, sars pasar we fight this right.
User present the consequences um as long as crinogenic
uh if he stigma. IN the.
I sprint tampasar tamba non permit or difficult sound
competen profi competen competens.
Savisa sing sing. E. Philipinpin is my posades who
stood this in now. Fashion tea do. Again. But
the mops yellow. Miss Elma destos loomits swim du
Pontus vista uh right du Pontus vista to the
right du Pontus vista computamental. COMPLIMENT. I they have
a coup, uh, you think, uh, um. I think.
TECHNIQUE. The perspective the vis perspective. If it stems
punitives sediments screams stem is mice uh rehabilitative sex
on the spin spin.
I is talwese umakste mais philosophiqueduksik logic e talvisa
ellealmes custemzafala steelgalakitamedu stem justice. Esuki swamski just es
mki ukie just so is pen seal cream kumterum
it pussibly sabli tarsuso secuest cream ks penza. The
stuns
the part of the perpet. You think. Akazus Uh,
I. Uh, DEMONSTRA. V. Glaro. Is perpetua. THE cass.
Even torment. Nope. IN Miss, uh, to the tend
to stavi. Um, I'm standing.
BRIS mental. PSYCHOPATH.
ALSO um If she gets. In the other factors
kissing and consume substances a studied Vicky Massa. Can
push the impact in etc. ETS it. How intervention.
The real evil socioeconomics. RID of the the um
dips in some menta is non trasnafazotic sound paranoid
east mentarique in contest specifics. Uh, IN contrast casta
uh ropriate kumu. Pur characteristic because individualize the me
is um is uh is um am I sang
and mental graph. CONSTANT mint. Mhm.
Uh, SEES, uh, in the liganum pocope component the
so mental, uh, el scazui full is meant in
Portugal nonfase munt part of the nosa realidads some
part of the realidadus stadzunits for casus min the
attics the uh sinatse masti. Using scholars assassinates, uh,
a contesting the contest tips it was so mins
with the component so mental uh valli is pets
uh lessinats was so mental du zindividus communtes with
ur zizulata zizullas. IN circumstances precarious sex.
THAT. In, uh, uh, the arrogress on evolving so
poll, the poll, the, the, the police, uh, in
contra nonro in Portugal in modern Portugal Martin and.
CONGRESS uh the the the canary. RADICAL. SCHIZO. Background
90 in the scene, uh. Much deals the contestus
ma problematic the pontus vito socioeconomic uh in to
form parent prince is adversus uh in sentiment. GRACIO
or or opsvide could pursue a level of polovara
radical ideologic uh radical schon. A to the characteristic
ozone raraisara mint. As narrative tremists, right, that diverse
backgrounds, right, that I I individual fact to proveniens
the con. Ma you think class media uh to
to uh fur the sentiment is just the radicalism
ideologic quadrant. Akazus uh the notorious I'm I'm um
kwaifikar pashoria. Uh, IN which casa, um, uh, with
lamentum much connectsan, right, particular mean. CONTESTS kalak pour
in um to right because it normal normal standi
to step for. That's intended kumu legitim to um
uh uh aki um if your accents national party
that screams radical is the same. Uh, AT we
fight contagion mediatica in the least of the key
elementary uh uh fundamental non. Romana. INFANT.
Uh, Oreostavakulukar, uh, laments maintains with mental of vehement
sukarnzeki contest uh contest space I think 3xabalakazakas mes
uh when do so is the uh normal mmice
progressist as you. MENTAL corresponds.
MENTAL. Mhm. Um, uh, um, NO. As a story
come in subfinancia right and teach to uh uh
extent agarda um You y yo stuff with drsaricardfalavasore
stuff is to mental non provin criminally num etc.
ETC. I proven mental infant. O complicate. CIRCUMSTANCES. They
all cook, uh, I think, uh, the will persevere
and parta popsa alter. Uh SO mental he controlled
criminally objective primarida so mental. uh LA la aka
right. The programmers, the visitors the programmers the parent.
Program is the treatment despriens adverspriens is the traum
crestro um sign in. The programmers. A program is
jaisist right the main contra schemic implement uh poises
programmers um if uh that. Uh, uh, uh, PROGRAMMERS
intervention.
RESOLVES. To convince gatherstal temporalmama clinic. Uh, Kupapelcalepodzemparna proven
sound of Violencia in the reablita sound of soas
criminosis violentis.
Well, uh, um, it was the causal complex, uh,
uh. THE prevention primariasaria or or in terms of
intervention. The the the province of primaria and the
right parent uh in our competences it's important. INVOLVING.
I think. PARENT. Identific and rich no no. FANCY
etc.s. POISON. Passe everla or the concier the the
the skala right in terms of um apart to
your famil is increase also knos munk and poison.
FAMILIAR. So. THE the the. SUBSTANCES. Uh, TO factor
impact, uh, clark was limited. Conti. Ever that you
think uh can see acumen see that intervention longer
in caste complex you was kis and muto surgeon
nunsts the mutage with a evil. CASKS. Pillar, if
you see that spiller started Jesus the so, etc.
ETC.
Mhm Win by uh Do Ricardo Es nets Christiane
introvis uh jatakki parakulkar ul link parasuapaginaducent unuidad deportitame
parasuaagina do research gate uh mazalguma pajina link the
internet on the pudre and contras subtravalliksterqueluis nets riso
or no.
Well, you think project to start career in what
is called don't project. You scream. PREVINCE will cite
previ Pontvivi Pont kings to the page of the
provinces. Yeah the intens um uh in midaz objective
karns prevent the violencia insist. Uh, NO.
Concerta link site previ mun to convicts conversejago prove
award. Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview
until the end. If you liked it, please share
it, leave a like and hit the subscription button.
The show is brought to you by Enlights Learning
and Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com
and also please consider supporting the show on Patreon
or PayPal. I would also like to give a
huge thank you to my main patrons and PayPal
supporters, Perergo Larsson, Jerry Mulleran, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz
Olaf, Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolf, Tim
Hollis, Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forrest Connolly. Then
Dmitri Robert Windegerru Inasi Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield,
Governor, Michel Stormir, Samuel Andre, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoro
and Hal Herzognon, Michel Jonathan Labrarinth, John Yardston, and
Samuel Curric, Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel,
Sardusran, David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezaraujo Romain Roach, Diego
Londono Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro,
Adam Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alekbaka, Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov,
Zal Adrian Yei Poltontin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward
Hall, Eddin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolotti, Gabriel Pan
Scortez or Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffy, Sony
Smith, and Wiseman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg
Jarno, Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophannus, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin,
David Williams, Di Acosta, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex
Shaw, Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D.
Lee Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber,
Robert Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix,
Mark Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly
Johnson, Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson,
Ismael Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate
Van Goler, Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali
Mohammadi, Perpendicular, Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David
Pinsov, Sean Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A
special thanks to my producers is are Webb, Jim
Frank Lucas Stink, Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict
Mueller, Thomas Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlomon
Negro, Al Nick Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to
my executive producers, Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis,
and Rosie. Thank you for all.